Conclusion and future work (#54)
SpecialeBajs/speciale-rapport: article/Future-work/future-work.tex

\section{Future work}
We have several ideas for future work.

> There are obviously other methods to calculate the weighted summation layer combinations that could be investigated.

Reviewer: Hvad skal det betyde ?

Reviewer: Selv om du siger det er obvious er jeg ikke sikker på hvilke ?

> There are obviously many alternative methods to calculate the weighted summation layer combinations other than ALC and BLC that could be worth investigated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The weights in the weighted layer summation could be calculated differently than how we currently do it with ALC and BLC.
One possibility could be to use another metric than NDCG to calculate the weights.
Different ways to distribute the weights between the layers could also be experimented with.
```

> Additionally these layer combinations could be based on information about the dataset, so that it is not necessary to run each layer individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the weight of each layer in the weighted summation could be based on patterns in the dataset, so that it is not necessary to run each layer individually.
```

> Additionally these layer combinations could be based on information about the dataset, so that it is not necessary to run each layer individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the distribution of these weights could be based on statistics of the dataset so that it was not necessary to run each layer individually before being able to calculate the weights.
But this would require a more exhaustive analysis of tendencies and patterns in the different datasets which could then be linked to which layers perform best.
```

> These parameters in layer combination could also be parameters that were to be learned.

Reviewer: Hvad for nogle parametre ? måske uddybe det her lidt mere

> These weights in layer combination that determine the importance of each layer could also be parameters that were to be learned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These weights could also be parameters that could be learned.
```

> We tried adding one weight to LightGCN and used different layer combinations in Appendix \ref{app:lightgcn-1-weight} to see if it with this way could learn the layer combination, but this method did not show improvements.

Reviewer: vi tilføjede vel ikke kune en weight ? hvad det ikke en matrice af weights ?
Vi bliver ved med at snakke om "the layer combination" igennem hele paperet, men det er sgu lidt en mærkelig formulering. Hvad er "The layer combination" ? er det hvilken aggreagtion function man bruger ? tror vi lige skal snakke om det i morgen of finde en lidt mere formel term til det.

> We tried adding one weight matrix to LightGCN and used different layer combinations in Appendix \ref{app:lightgcn-1-weight} to see if it with this way could learn the layer combination, but this method did not show good results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We tried adding one weight matrix to LightGCN and experimented with different layer combination methods in Appendix \ref{app:lightgcn-1-weight} to see if we were able to learn the weights used in the layer combination, but this method did not show good results.
```

> Furthermore, additional investigation into how the number of connections a user indirectly has effects how layer combination should be done could lead to further improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, additional investigation into how the number of connections a user implicitly has after some convolutions affects how layer combination should be done could lead to further improvements.
```

> Furthermore, additional investigation into how the number of connections a user indirectly has effects how layer combination should be done could lead to further improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: bliver kinda sagt tidligere i forhold til at analysere dataset
